# snarkBVP (Blockchain and Zero-Knowledge Based Decentralized Data Sharing of Vehicle Passport)

Cryptocurrencies have been one of the sectors which arguably saw the biggest technological innovation in the past decade. Two of the most prominent cryptocurrencies were Bitcoin and Ethereum. Both had inconceivable amount of growth which led to a lot of media attention. But this resulted in everyone being aware of the success only, very few people outside the tech world had a good understanding of the technology which led to the inevitable success story. That technology behind the scene is called blockchain and it needs to be implemented in other areas also. Its core concepts of decentralization, immutability and anonymity are traits that can revolutionize any sector if implemented properly.

In this proposal, we looked into how blockchain technology can be beneficial for the used vehicle market without the help of any third party. Currently, most people can't get basic details of the used vehicle they are buying and even when they do they can't verify most of them. Thus various companies proposed solutions which were centered around vehicle passport. Staying true to its name a vehicle passport will contain all the relevant information of the vehicle which will help both the buyer and seller. The buyer will have a detailed report on any vehicle he is potentially buying and will have more chance of safeguarding himself against any kind of fraud. On the other hand, the seller will be able to sell his vehicle for the correct valuation because he has proof of how good the vehicle's condition really is.

The goal of this work is to provide a better solution where blockchain-based decentralized data sharing of vehicle passports prevents any centralized authority from possessing all the power. This builds more trust in the system but requires more automation to replace the verification process which was previously done by the centralized authority. Thus, Zero-Knowledge proof is added to it to ensure the authenticity of the data without revealing any sensitive information before any transaction.
